feat: add --oauth-redirect-port CLI option for fixed OAuth redirect port (#462)
dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-mcp: README.md

npx -y @dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-mcp-server@latest --http --host 0.0.0.0 # recommended for container
npx -y @dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-mcp-server@latest --http -H 192.168.0.1 # recommended when sharing connection over a local network

> # Fix the OAuth callback port (useful in Docker/containers where ports must be exposed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Static OAuth callback port (useful when the port must be exposed, e.g., when running the MCP in a container)
```

> npx -y @dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-mcp-server@latest --callback-port 5344

Reviewer: @copilot is `--callback-port` something that other MCP servers also use? Or any other name suggestions?

Reviewer: @copilot what is usually a good standard for CLI tools that support Oauth via Authorization Code flow? Or maybe even for VSCode?

Reviewer: @copilot please use `--oauth-redirect-port`
